lib: location: Improve LTE-GNSS interworking and GNSS priority mode (#9325)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Added timeout for the entire location request.
    * Added location data details such as entire PVT data.
    * Moved location method from the :c:struct:`location_data` structure to :c:struct:`location_event_data`.

>     * Improved LTE - GNSS interworking and added possibility to trigger GNSS priority mode if GNSS becomes blocked by LTE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Improved LTE - GNSS interworking and added possibility to trigger GNSS priority mode if GNSS does not get long enough time windows due to LTE idle mode operations.
```

Author: changed
